US Macro Data-set Description:

This dataset contains 4 time series data-sets for US Macroaggregate Indicators. 
Data has been largely unchanged to allow more flexibility when using (e.g. One of the time series starts later (~10 years) than the others, but all data has been left in.)

The following series (in order of appearance) are in the data file:
Descriptions of each data-set are taken from their respective sources - see links for more detail.

CPI_MONTHLY: https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/CPIAUCSL

The Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers: All Items (CPIAUCSL) is a measure of the average monthly change in 
the price for goods and services paid by urban consumers between any two time periods. 
It can also represent the buying habits of urban consumers. This particular index includes roughly 88 percent of the total population, 
accounting for wage earners, clerical workers, technical workers, self-employed, short-term workers, unemployed, retirees, and those not in the labor force.

The CPI can be used to recognize periods of inflation and deflation. Significant increases in the CPI within a short time frame 
might indicate a period of inflation, and significant decreases in CPI within a short time frame might indicate a period of deflation. 
However, because the CPI includes volatile food and oil prices, it might not be a reliable measure of inflationary and deflationary periods. 
For a more accurate detection, the core CPI (CPILFESL) is often used. When using the CPI, please note that it is not applicable to all 
consumers and should not be used to determine relative living costs. Additionally, the CPI is a statistical measure vulnerable to sampling 
error since it is based on a sample of prices and not the complete average.


UNRATE: https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/UNRATE

The unemployment rate represents the number of unemployed as a percentage of the labor force. 
Labor force data are restricted to people 16 years of age and older, who currently reside in 1 of the 50 states or the 
District of Columbia, who do not reside in institutions (e.g., penal and mental facilities, homes for the aged), and who are 
not on active duty in the Armed Forces.

INFLATION: https://data.oecd.org/price/inflation-cpi.htm

Inflation measured by consumer price index (CPI) is defined as the change in the prices of a basket of goods and services that are 
typically purchased by specific groups of households. Inflation is measured in terms of the annual growth rate and in index, 
2015 base year with a breakdown for food, energy and total excluding food and energy. 

GDP_CHANGE: https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/A191RO1Q156NBEA

https://www.bea.gov/data/gdp/gross-domestic-product A comprehensive measure of U.S. economic activity. 
GDP is the value of the goods and services produced in the United States. 
The growth rate of GDP is the most popular indicator of the nation's overall economic health.